Dream Trio/Memory Trio Concept

Dream Type
Defensive
- The Dream Type's interactions with opposing Types
	- Weaknesses
		- Dark (Most vulnerable when asleep; Nightmares; etc.)
		- Fire (House Fires become inescapable if the target is asleep)
		- Sound (Dreams abhor Alarms)

	- Resistances
		- Grass (Representing the Laws of Nature: The Sleeping do not have to adhere to them)
		- Ground (Representing the Laws of Physics: They have no authority in the dream world)
		- Normal (Dreams are where people go to escape the outside world)
		- Psychic (People generally aren't concerned with thinking while they're asleep)

	- Immunities
		- Bug (Bugs tend to be wholly ignored or even swallowed by the Sleeping)

Offensive
- How the Dream Type interacts with opposing Types
	- Super-Effective 
		- Bug (Bugs usually do not exist in dreams)
		- Dark (Nefarious individuals cannot spread to the outside world when asleep)
		- Dragon (Since Dreams reify Dragons, that also means they can be slain)
		- Fairy (Since Dreams reify Fairies, they can therefore be destroyed here)

	- Semi-Effective
		- Normal (Reality is where dreams go to die)
		- Sound (Dreams become destabilized when exposed to external noise)
		- Steel (Appliances and Artificial Intelligence are generally incapable of dreaming)

	- Ineffective
		- Ghost (Since they are dead--or at least spiritual: They cannot dream)


Euyume (Eu - Good; Yume - Dream)
Type: Fairy/Dream
Hp: 220
Atk: 300
Def: 160
SpA: 250
SpD: 250
Spe: 175
BST: 1355
Ability: Reverie

Reverie
Effect: Opposing Boosted, Choice-Locked, or Memorized Pokemon deal x0.8 Damage against this Pokemon.

Catayume (Cata - Down/Destructive; Yume - Dream)
Type: Dark/Dream
Hp: 200
Atk: 280
Def: 220
SpA: 310
SpD: 164
Spe: 181
BST: 1355
Ability: Calamitous

Calamitous
Effect: Pokemon's attacks have x1.3 Base Power against opposing Pokemon that are not Memorized

Mnemorex (mnēmon - Mindful; Mnemonic + Rex)
Mnemorex (Nebulous Forme)
Type: Dream/Water
Hp: 250
Atk: 210
Def: 200
SpA: 210
SpD: 180
Spe: 150
BST: 1200
Abilities: Somnolent/Regenerator/Comatose

Somnolent
Effect: Opposing Non-Memorized Pokemon deal x0.8 Damage; Opposing Super-Effective Moves deal x0.8 Damage. This Pokemon cannot be put to Sleep. Pokemon's Quadrupel Weaknesses become normal Weaknesses. Pokemon restores 1/10 Max Hp at the end of each turn

Mnemorex (Void Forme)
Type: Dream/Fire
Hp: 200
Atk: 330
Def: 190
SpA: 330
SpD: 164
Spe: 186
BST: 1400
Abilities: Memory Eater/Neuroforce/Trace

Memory Eater
Effect: If another Pokemon in the Team has Memorized, this Pokemon will receive a Stat Boost corresponding to that Ally's highest Stat upon switching in. If the HP stat is the highest, the Pokemon will heal 1/4 of its Max Hp upon switching in. If Speed is the highest stat, the Pokemon will gain a Speed boost after successfully causing the opponent to faint. This Ability will not activate if there are no Memorized Pokemon on the Team; The Ally with a Memory Disc has not Memorized yet or has fainted, or if a Pokemon with this Ability is holding a Memory Disc


Mnemorex (Memory Forme)
Type: Dream
Required Item: Any Memory Disc; Memory Bracelet; Mnemonic Ring
Hp: 200
Atk: 310
Def: 230
SpA: 310
SpD: 270
Spe: 180
BST: 1500
Abilities: Recollection

Recollection
Effect: The Base Power on this Pokemon's Moves is multiplied by x1.2 and the Damage it receives is reduced to x0.8, when it is Memorized. Pokemon restores 1/16 Max Hp at the end of each turn. Pokemon restores 1/6 Max Hp upon Switching Out. Memorized Allies in the Pokemon's Party receive a Stat Boost corresponding to the Ability-wielder's highest stat at the time when they last switched in. If HP is the highest stat, the Memorized Ally will heal 1/10 of their Max Hp at the end of each turn.

Special Item: Mnemonic Ring
Effect: Allows Mnemorex-Nebulous and Mnemorex-Void to Transform into Mnemorex-Memory without using a Memory Disc.

Appearance
Euyume
- Appearance: A quadrupedal Canine-Like Species with glowing Golden Fur, and gold-tinted White Clouds of Smoke flowing out from its ankles; Its has half-circle shaped eyes, with Blue sclera and black-ish red irises

Catayume
- Appearance: An extremely large quadrupedal Canine-Like creature with a pitch-black Body. Its hind legs are longer than its front legs, and it has an elevated posterior tilt. It has a horizontal red stripe on the top of its head, as well as a vertical red stripe on each respective ankle. On its ankles are also a set of opaque Red Cuffs, which represent corruption and oppression as opposed to the translucent and ethereal Clouds that Yuyume possesses as a symbol of purity and holiness. Along its back is a Red plate of upright Armor that resembles an inverted version of Zacian-Crowned shoulder Armor. Its sclera are a luminous Gold, and its irises and pupils are Black

Mnemorex
- Nebulous Forme
	- Appearance: A Large, Black-ish Purple Orb; Its shiny substitutes a Blue Shade for the Purple one

- Void Forme
	- Appearance: Black-ish Purple Mewtwo with Gen 1-inspired proportions, and without the appendage on its Neck; Its sclera are golden, while its irises and pupils are white; Golden Clouds surround its Wrists, Neck and Ankles; When idling: It hovers above the ground with its legs and arms bent inward and outward, respectively, while its feet are positioned neutrally, as though it is standing. Its Shiny Forme substitutes a Blue Shade for the Purple one, and replaces the Gold with a slightly Blue-Tinted White

- Memorized Forme
	- Appearance: Black-ish Purple Body; Round Head covered by a Golden Veil that also extends downward like a Dress and crosses below the neck like a Robe; Has long and slender arms and legs similarly to Calyrex and Gardevoir; A Large Floating Golden Rings surrounds its Neck, while two smaller floating Golden Rings cover each of its arms; Its eyes have the shape of half-circles; Its sclera are golden; and its irises and pupils are white; Its Shiny Forme replaces the Purple Shade on its body with a Blue Shade, and replaces the Golden Rings with a Light Blue


Learnsets/Movesets
* = Move/Type that is currently unimplemented in the Simulator
! = Signature Move
Euyume
Dream Kneader*! (Dream; Base Power: 195; Category Varies; Turns target into a Dream-Type)
Fairy Razor*! (Dream; Base Power: 150; Physical; Targets Special Defense; x1.3 Power on Super-Effective Hits)

Catayume
Dream Cleaver*! (Dream; Base Power: 160; Category Varies; x1.5 Base Power against Dream-Type)
Dreadful Smog*! (Dark; Base Power: 160; Special; Targets Defense; x1.3 Power on Super-Effective Hits) 

Mnemorex-Nebulous
Empty Water*! (Water; Base Power: 120; Category: Special; Clears the target's stat changes, and induces Taunt)
Aqua Punch
Aqua Ring
Aqua Soul
Hydro Pump
Water Gun
Water Sport

Mnemorex-Void
Blazing Knowledge*! (Fire; Base Power: 150; Category: Physical; x1.5 Power if an active Ally is Memorized)
Burning Knowledge*! (Fire; Base Power: 150; Category: Special; x1.5 Power if an active Ally is Memorized)
Fire Blast
Fire Spin
Flame Charge
Flamethrower
Flare Blitz

Mnemorex-Memory
Memory Cannon (Dream; Base Power: 160; Category: Varies; x1.5 against all non-Memorized Pokemon; Clears the Target's stat stage changes, and attempts to neutralize the Pokemon's Ability) - This Move appears on the Learnsets of Mnemorex-Nebulous and Mnemorex-Void, however it can only be used once they transform into Mnemorex-Memory

Mnemorex (Universal)
Amnesia
Aromatic Mist
Body Press
Close Combat
Copycat
Cosmic Power
Dragon Breath
Dream Buster* (Dream; Physical)
Dream Eater* (Dream; Special)
Dream Voice* (Dream; Special)
Earthquake
Expanding Force
Gastro Acid
Giga Impact
Hail
Hyper Beam
Illusion Slash*  (Dream; Physical)
Image Beam* (Dream; Special)
Me First
Memory Blast
Metronome
Mimic
Mist Ball
Mystery Deluge
Mystery Slash
Mystery Sphere
Nasty Plot
Nightmare
Parting Shot
Parting Shot
Psychic Storm
Psycho Fire
Rain Dance
Rapid Spin
Rule Change* (Dream; Status; Lowers opponent's Atk and SpA by 1 stage each)
Skill Swap
Slumber Ball* (Dream; Physical)
Sludge Switch
Solar Beam
Stealth Rock
Stored Power
Substitute
Sunny Day
Swords Dance
Thunder Wave
Toxic
Transform
U-Turn
Vexation* (Dream; Special)
Yawn